I'm gonna grab a seat, man.
That's my seat.
How you doing, man?
Good.
Pretty good.
You're four years old?
Okay, had to think about it a little bit.
Titus, let me ask you a question.
Do you know that you have over 50 million
views on YouTube?
There's already over 100.
Okay, you have over...
But what does that say?
It's all this is wrong.
All this is wrong.
Because it says you have over 50 million viewers.
You have cleaned it up.
You have over 100 million.
But I...
Why is it three girls in those spots?
Because in this show, we put hot chicks
on the front row.
But see, we got your dad.
See, that's your dad over there, right?
I know.
I know, but see, that's the dad, and
that's the dad seat over there.
Because we put him there.
But I...
So then he can see me better.
Right.
So he can see you better.
All right, I'll tell you what.
I got some balls over here.
And I want you to...
And over there.
And...
Okay, I didn't know that.
I just saw the walls over here.
So where are your balls?
Okay.
And let's go see a couple of tricks.
Let's go over here first.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right, let me see this first one.
I can make it up here.
Okay, well, let me put you up there.
I'm gonna put you up there.
Hold on.
And let me see.
Let me get a couple of balls, because we
might need a few shots at this.
But you're gonna make it.
So what's your first one?
You're just gonna do it, ladies and gentlemen.
Titus the Magnificent.
Yes, you can do it now.
Okay, go ahead.
What?
Just help make one, buddy, so we can go down.
Yeah.
Titus?
Titus, don't worry about the smoke.
Let's just make this shot.
So what we're gonna do now is...
Titus,
you're scaring me with the smoke.
Just...
Yeah, the smoke is gone.
Okay, you ready?
Are you lined up where you need...
Is this thing moving?
Okay, here's my shot.
Okay, there it is.
All right, Titus, let's go.